feat: create get started docs page for all released packages (#1250)
swisspost/design-system: packages/documentation/src/stories/get-started/icons.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Source } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import { BADGE } from '@geometricpanda/storybook-addon-badges';

<Meta
  title="Get Started/Icons"
  parameters={{
    previewTabs: {
      canvas: {
        hidden: true,
      },
    },
    viewMode: 'docs',
    badges: [BADGE.NEEDS_REVISION],
  }}
/>

# @swisspost/design-system-icons

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/@swisspost%2Fdesign-system-icons.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/@swisspost%2Fdesign-system-icons)

There are currently two totally different approches to use our icons.<br/>

- In the first approch, you can use our icons as an **svg-only** library.<br/>
- In the second aproch, you can use our flexible, lightweight and easy-to-use **post-icon** component.

> Decide for yourself, which way fits best for you...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

More Informations about the icons can be found under the [Icons Search](/?path=/docs/foundations-icons--page) or the [Icons Component](/?path=/docs/components-post-icon--default) documentation.

> ## Svg-only approch

Reviewer: I'd promote the `post-icon` way as the default way of using icons. For most projects, the components will already be available because they are in the blueprint.

     ></path>
   </svg>
   ```

3. Make sure you add the previous defined styles to every icon (e.g. add the class `.post-icon` to the svg tag).

## Post-Icon component approch

In this approch, you can use our `<post-icon>` component, which provies you with a very easy way to integrate the required icons into your HTML.<br/>
The provided component properties allow you to manage quickly, where an icon is loaded from (cdn or self-hosted), how it's visualized and even if it contains an animation. And it's even possible to handle a custom icon with our component.

### Installation

To use our icons with the `<post-icon>` component, you do not need to install the **icons package**, because the icons are loaded from the [unpkg CDN](https://unpkg.com/) by default. Instead, you need to install our **components package**.

> Please follow the instructions on the [Components - Get Started](/?path=/docs/get-started-components--page) page to do so.

Reviewer: For the sake of simplicity, I think we could repeat a short installation guide here so people don't have to switch context and just provide the link for more information.

### Usage

When you properly followed the instructions before, you should now be able to use our icons in your project like so:

```html dark
<post-icon name="1000"></post-icon>
```

> For more detailed informations about the `post-icon` component, continue reading it's very own [documentation](/?path=/docs/components-post-icon--default).<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more detailed information about the `post-icon` component, continue reading the [post-icon documentation](/?path=/docs/components-post-icon--default).<br/>
```
